doc: Document Zephyr user pipes for AT command access (#333)
nrfconnect/ncs-serial-modem: doc/app/sm_cellular_modem.rst

Reviewer: Can we demonstrate this with ppp sample?

     See :ref:`uart_configuration` for more information.
   * System mode is not configured. See the `%XSYSTEMMODE`_ command in the AT command Reference Guide for more details.

User pipes for AT commands
===========================

Zephyr's cellular modem driver provides **user pipes** for sending AT commands to the modem while PPP is active.
User pipes are additional CMUX channels (DLC channels 3 and 4) that the host application can use for modem configuration, DFU/FOTA, or other AT command operations.

User pipe availability
----------------------

User pipes are available only when the modem driver has all CMUX channels open.
This occurs after the following conditions are met:

* CMUX has been started with ``AT+CMUX=0``.

> * The network interface is brought up with ``net_if_up()``, which opens CMUX channels, attaches to the network, and opens the PPP connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The network interface is activated with ``net_if_up()``, which opens the CMUX channels, connects to the network, and establishes the PPP connection.
```

> When the network interface is brought down with ``net_if_down()``, PPP is closed and user pipes become unavailable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the network interface is deactivated with ``net_if_down()``, the PPP connection is closed and user pipes become unavailable.
```

.. important::

>    User pipes are NOT available when PPP is closed.

Reviewer 2: Please align both the sentence as above.

   The modem driver is designed so that ``net_if_up()`` opens all CMUX channels, including user pipes, and ``net_if_down()`` closes them.

The DLC channel callback notifies the host application when a user pipe opens or closes.

Use cases for user pipes
------------------------

User pipes allow the host application to send AT commands while maintaining an active PPP connection.
Common use cases include:

* Configuring eDRX and PSM settings (``AT+CEDRXS``, ``AT+CPSMS``).

> * Performing modem firmware updates via ``AT#XFOTA`` or DFU commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Performing modem firmware updates using ``AT#XFOTA`` or DFU commands.
```
